Pink Plort|images/Pink_Plort.png(Ordinary)Pink Plorts are an excellent "multipurpose generic substance" used to manufacture everything from food products to household cleaners. All over the Earth, people are eating burgers, sweetening their coffees, or scrubbing their floors with pink plort products. That's some serious versatility!10
Rock Plort|images/Rock_Plort.png(Ordinary)Rock plorts are prized for being a key component in the production of 'blue metal,' an amazing alloy that's stronger than titanium and lighter than plastic. Because of its amazing strength, blue metal is often a key component in the hulls of light-speed capable starships, synthetic appendages, and protective holophone cases.20
Phosphor Plort|images/Phosphor_Plort.png(Ordinary)The luminescent compound found within phosphor plorts can produce light for over 100 years, making it an incredibly eco-friendly form of illumination on Earth. Cities across the globe are slowly switching over to phosphor lights, saving trillions of gigawatts of energy daily. Plus if you rub the stuff in your hair, it glows and looks really cool.33
Tabby Plort|images/Tabby_Plort.png(Ordinary)Tabby plorts are a key ingredient in a variety of "performance enhancing" products that grant the consumer a surge of the tabby slime's signature energy and exuberance. Athletes the world over take them to gain an edge.30
Rad Plort|images/Rad_Plort.png(Ordinary)Given that raddies are basically mobile batteries, it's no surprise that corporations value rad plorts for their incredible energy-producing capabilities. Most rad plorts get turned into 'plortonium' and everything from the latest holophone to a radwave microcook system runs on the stuff.50
Honey Plort|images/Honey_Plort.png(Ordinary)Honey plorts are highly prized by food manufacturers. Though the plorts are naturally incredibly sweet, the discovery that they could be refined into an even sweeter substance made their demand soar. These refined honey plorts are said to score an unprecedented 867 on the Werner-Thompkins-Hong sacchrino scale, just a few points shy of 'not fit for human consumption'.42
Boom Plort|images/Boom_Plort.png(Ordinary)Highly volatile boom plorts have all sorts of applications, including powering rocket thrusters and demolitions. Military organizations value their highly destructive capabilities for "medical technology and other research".64
Puddle Plort|images/Puddle_Plort.png(Ordinary)Puddle plorts are made almost entirely from an incredible hydro compound known by chemists across the galaxy as H2Ohhhhh. This compound is used to create an absurdly expensive brand of bottled drinking water that is sought after by the elite back on Earth. While some people argue that there is little difference in taste between it and tap water, those people seriously are not getting it.61
Fire Plort|images/Fire_Plort.png(Ordinary)Fire plorts are used in the developing world on Earth to keep stoves and fireplaces burning. Thanks to fire plorts, warm hands and hot food is a possibility for millions of people who otherwise would not have access to such luxuries.57
Crystal Plort|images/Crystal_Plort.png(Ordinary)Crystal plorts is far more pure how usual metals and can be used by slime scientists to engineer a variety of metals that are entirely transparent. It has lead to metropolitan areas on Earth completely transforming visually, allowing more light to reach the streets and the space as a whole a chance to 'breathe'.101
Quantum Plort|images/Quantum_Plort.png(Ordinary)Quantum plorts are believed by many to hold the secret to infinite resources. Given the Quantum slime's ability to change reality, it's theorized that unlocking the potential of Quantum Plorts would allow for a technology that converges the realities of other entities into our reality and - well basically we're talking about cloning stuff. Probably no harmful side effects to this at all.120
Dervish Plort|images/Dervish_Plort.png(Ordinary)Dervish plorts are a fantastic source of clean energy that helps give turbines and generators an extra boost. They are in constant demand as curiously, there is a finite number of spins stored in every dervish plort.149
Hunter Plort|images/Hunter_Plort.png(Ordinary)Amazingly, a serum can be made from hunter slime plorts that can actually render a person invisible! The effect only lasts for about a day, but this serum is nonetheless incredibly popular back on Earth as many people find its effects very soothing.92
Mosaic Plort|images/Mosaic_Plort.png(Ordinary)Mosaic plorts are desired for researching the glass structures within the Glass Desert. Samples of this glass turn brittle when taken from the Far, Far Range, yet interestingly, mosaic plorts seem unaffected by this phenomenon. Almost certainly, this glass is being studied because it's really pretty and not because it can cause devastating solar anomalies.169
Tangle Plort|images/Tangle_Plort.png(Ordinary)Tangle Plort have incredibly beneficial agricultural applications. Fertilizers and growth formulas made from tangle plorts are used by farms all across Earth to greatly enhance crop production.100
Saber Plort|images/Saber_Plort.png(Rare)Saber plorts are collected for their historical value, offering a window into the primitive past of the Far, Far Range. Some slime scientists have tried to extract the slime DNA from these plorts in order to recreate a true saber slime, but all have failed.128
Gold Plort|images/Gold_Plort.png(Rare)Gold plorts have little practical use and are the most valuable of all plorts simply because they are shiny and R. Back on Earth, the elite love to adorn themselves in jewelry made of gold plorts, far exceeding the value of any terrestrial precious metal.559
